# Apartment-Tour-Route-Calculator
This repository contains a simple program that will automatically generate an apartment tour route for NYC real estate agents.

Many real estate agents in NYC have to plan apartment tours for clients who wish to view multiple apartments in one day. Unfortunately, there is currently no available go-to tool to automatically generate apartment tour routes, so agents often spend a burdensome amount of time planning an efficient tour. If the list of apartments is large, this can amount to over an hour of work! Luckily, this type of algorithmic task can be automated using Python and the Google Maps API.

This repository contains an .ipynb file with the code to run my apartment tour route calculator program. To view the code, simply click on the Apartment Tour Generator Public Version.ipynb file. The code takes in a list of apartments and starting location, and then it prints an ordered list of the most time-efficient route with accompanying step-by-step directions from Google Maps. Additionally, the code produces an interactive map showing you the location of each apartment (see "Notes" section below). 

Notes:
- My API key has been replaced with "Your API Key" to protect my personal information; to use the program, you need to create a (free) account and enter your own API key.
- The program only produces walking and driving directions because the agent I made it for does not take clients on the subway, but it can easily be modified to include public transportation. 
- Currently, I cannot get the interactive map that is generated by the code to appear in the GitHub preview because the Jupyter Notebook is not recognized as a trusted file. I have tried to save it as a trusted file, but Jupyter is not letting me. I will try to keep working on this and upload an updated file once the issue is resolved. For now, I've added a link at the end of the Notebook that will open the HTML file for the interactive map in your browser. Thanks for understanding :) 
